meeting_id,response,score,reason
meeting_transcript_clean,"Summary:
The conversation discusses issues with the customer support assistant, focusing on response speed and accuracy. The assistant sometimes provides vague or incorrect answers, and it is suggested that this is due to summarizing conversation threads before answering, causing errors if the summary is off. It is proposed to implement a two-step verification system using GPT-4o for quick answers and Claude as a fallback when the assistant's confidence is low or uncertainty is detected. The plan includes developing a similarity metric to detect when the assistant isn't confident, adding fallback UX messaging, and exploring cost-effective methods for embedding similarity calculations. Additionally, there are discussions about improving the assistant's tone and empathy to sound more human-like.

Action items:
1. Implement a two-step verification system with GPT-4o for quick answers and Claude as a fallback when necessary.
2. Develop a similarity metric to detect when the assistant isn't confident.
3. Test run the hybrid model approach with GPT-4o and Claude over the next few days.
4. Sync with design on the fallback UX messaging.
5. Explore cost-effective methods for embedding similarity calculations, such as quantizing embeddings to 8-bit precision.
6. Focus on prompt tuning to improve the assistant's tone and empathy, starting with a few anonymized example replies in the prompt.
7. Regroup next week to review progress.",4.0,"The response provides a comprehensive summary of the issues with the customer support assistant, including response speed, accuracy, and suggestions for improvements such as a two-step verification system using GPT-4o and Claude, developing a similarity metric, fallback UX messaging, cost-effective methods for embedding similarity calculations, improving tone and empathy, and a plan for reviewing progress. The response aligns with the reference at a high level and provides detailed action items. However, it could benefit from more concise language and eliminating repetition to improve clarity."
meeting_transcript,"In the meeting, Ethan and Maya discussed improvements needed for the customer support assistant. The main concerns were response speed, accuracy, and empathy. They decided to implement a two-step verification system using GPT-4o as the quick model and Claude as a fallback for uncertain or questionable responses. Maya will also develop a similarity scoring metric to detect when the assistant's confidence is low. Additionally, they plan to explore prompt tuning to make the assistant sound more human-like and consider adding fallback messaging in the UI for low-confidence cases. Both agreed to regroup next week to review progress. Action items include:

1. Maya to develop a similarity scoring metric and set up a test run for the hybrid model approach using GPT-4o and Claude.
2. Ethan to coordinate with design on fallback UX messaging.
3. Both parties to regroup next week to review progress.",5.0,"The response provides a detailed plan to address concerns about the customer support assistant's response speed, accuracy, and empathy. The plan includes implementing a two-step verification system using GPT-4o as the quick model and Claude as a fallback for uncertain or questionable responses, developing a similarity scoring metric to detect when the assistant's confidence is low, exploring prompt tuning to make the assistant sound more human-like, and considering adding fallback messaging in the UI for low-confidence cases. The response aligns well with the reference conversation, demonstrating a clear understanding of the issues and proposed solutions."
